refactor: use db package from lambda function (#151)
arrocke/gloss-translation: docs/contributing.md

1. [Install](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/install-sam-cli.html#install-sam-cli-instructions) the SAM cli.
1. [Install](https://www.docker.com) docker.

> 1. Copy `env-example.json` to `env.json` to the lambda-functions project and update with your local env vars. You can use `host.docker.internal` in situtations where the host IP address is needed. This allows the docker container to connect to services on your host machine.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Copy `env-example.json` to `env.json` to the lambda-functions project and update with your local env vars. You can use `host.docker.internal` in situations where the host IP address (AKA `localhost`) is needed. This allows the docker container to connect to services on your host machine.
```
